Updated README File for improved documentation (#5)
kevinroast/Asteroids-Reloaded: README.md

Asteroids [Reloaded] - HTML5 Canvas JavaScript game.

## Table of Contents
1. Play
2. About
3. Purpose
4. Commands
5. Features
6. Installation
7. Development Team
8. License

## Play
Play online here: http://www.kevs3d.co.uk/dev/asteroids

If you want to run this code locally, run the game from within a local webserver for the sound/message file loading to work correctly (Refer to installation section).

e.g. localhost:8080/Asteroids-Reloaded/index.html

## About
Asteroids [Reloaded] is an updated version of the 1979 hit-game Asteroids!

> The original game was created for Atari. In the game, the player controls a spaceship that roams through an asteroid field todestroy as many asteroids and enemies as possible and get the highest score!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original game was created for Atari. In the game, the player controls a spaceship that roams through an asteroid field to destroy as many asteroids and enemies as possible and get the highest score!
```
